DOCSP-40130 - Note on Sharded Partitioner (#201)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/batch-mode/batch-read-config.txt

To use this configuration, set the ``partitioner`` configuration option to
``com.mongodb.spark.sql.connector.read.partitioner.ShardedPartitioner``.

.. important:: ShardedPartitioner Restrictions
   
   1. In MongoDB Server v6.0 and later, the sharding operation creates one large initial
      chunk to cover all shard key values, making the sharded partitioner inefficient.

>       We do not recommend using the sharded partitioner in MongoDB v6.0 and later.

Reviewer: S: "in" could be clarified
```suggestion
      We do not recommend using the sharded partitioner when connected to MongoDB v6.0 and later.
```
